I'm truly excited to bring a new section to you.
And in this section we're going to be seeing a couple of more concepts on Webpack before we head over
to the project section in which you're going to be combining all the things that we've learned so far
and implement and on the project.
So let's see what we're going to be covering in this particular section.
Now, in the section, we're going to be seeing a new concept that is of plugins.
So what is plugins?
Why do we need plug ins and how is it going to be helping us in the world?
We are also going to be seeing how to be creating multiple bundle files.
So if you know that we have just created a single bundle file, which is the bundle dodges.
Now let's see how we can be creating multiple of this and what's the use of doing such things.
Finally, we are going to be seeing some sort of automations.
So in the automation, we are going to be coding up what are the auto bundling and also how are we using
the dynamic in books and what are we covering all of this?
And this is going to give you a very deep knowledge on exactly what is the power of that pack and how
do you become of a pack ninja?
All right.
That's about the introduction on this section.
Let's head over to the next video and start learning something new.